(Episode 4)
Why is it raining all of a sudden?
Are you back from your mother's hospital?
What?
Yes.
How's she? Is she okay?
I told you not to act like you know anything about it.
I asked because I was concerned.
I will never tell anyone. I promise.
What is...
your name?
You don't know my name?
I was in the same class with you last year.
Do I have to know everyone's name in the same class?
Of course!
That's the duty and manner...
as a classmate.
I didn't know I had such duty.
Gosh, I even went to see her concert.
Are those cases all assigned to me?
Then do you think they're mine?
Hold on.
There's no space.
Why don't you borrow Prosecutor Shin's cabinet?
She works on the case so fast that there's no unsolved case.
And there's much space in her cabinet.
I'm fast too.
Have you reserved a restaurant for our lunch today?
That's your role.
- I was going to. - Where?
That's not what's important.
It is. They say that juniors' performance reviews depend on...
how well you reserve restaurants, rather than solving cases.
You should be very careful in picking restaurants.
I'll ask Prosecutor Shin's advice and decide carefully.
Will she tell you?
Of course, we are very close because we went to the same college.
Hey, Hee Min.
Hey, Shin Hee Min.
Prosecutor Shin. Hello?
Hey, Prosecutor Shin.
(Office of Investigation Officer)
Can't she hear well?
You should've called her formally.
You can't call her Hee Min. You should call her Prosecutor Shin.
You can't be casual with her as she became a prosecutor before you.
What is it? Why are you calling her so desperately?
I heard that she was responsible for reserving restaurants before me.
So I was going to ask her for tips.
You brat. Just memorize them.
Senior Prosecutor here does not like wet meat, so avoid shabu-shabu.
The chief prosecutor does not like raw meat, so avoid sashimi.
The assistant prosecutor has foot odor,
so he doesn't like taking his shoes off.
Prosecutor Shin doesn't like Italian cuisine, so remember that.
Goodness, you shouldn't let him know those hard-earned tips.
You're right, sir. He should pay me for these.
You brat. Pay me...
I'll get going, sir.
What's wrong with him?
It seems like he has hard feelings on you.
I used to tutor Prosecutor Jung before.
He probably thought I was treating him like my student.
Even so. You must be embarrassed.
No, I'm okay. I should have been more careful. It's my fault.
I think it's that runaway soldier that was on the news.
What do we do, Dad? What if we die like we did in my dream?
Don't worry. No one's going to die today.
I will...
tell all the passengers to get off, saying the bus has broken down.
Then,
Gosh, I'm sorry.
There seems to be a problem with the tires.
I think I need to fix it.
I'm sorry, but could you all use the next bus?
- Darn it. - Gosh.
- How can this happen? - Goodness.
- What a waste of time. - I'm sorry.
The next bus will be here soon.
Gosh, what's wrong with the tires?
- I'm sorry. - Oh no, it's raining so much.
It's raining so much.
Hey, Mr. Soldier.
Hurry up and go. Go faster.
Go faster!
Could you give me a hand in changing the tires?
Can you help me?
Dad!
(February 18, 2016. Seung Won...)
(will become a murderer because of his brother.)
Who is Seung Won?
Who is he going to kill?
Who is his brother?
If you can't handle it, ignore all your dreams.
As if they never happened.
I need to talk to you.
Are they flirting?
- Oh, my goodness. - I never knew.
Follow me.
I told you not to act like you know it.
I told you not to open your mouth!
I saw you searching those in the computer lab.
Why did you look up patricide sentence?
Why did you look up...
how to purchase potassium cyanide and the amount enough to kill?
What are you thinking? Are you...
going to kill your father?
I'm saving my mom.
My dad has to be gone,
so that my mom can live.
Why do you have to do that? You reported it to the police already.
The prosecutor should have prosecuted the case already.
Your father will be put on trial and sent to jail.
Then you don't have to...
What if he can't be prosecuted?
- Why can't he? He committed crime. - He can't.
My dad will never be put on trial because...
prosecutors are dumb...
and lawyers are sly.
- Gosh. Hello. - You're here.
I'm here as the lawyer of Park Jun Mo.
Park Jun Mo? The one whose case was sent for domestic violence?
That's right. He's my regular.
Oh, you must know that pianist, Park So Yoon.
- It's her dad. - I see.
It seemed like a typical domestic violence.
Have you finished reviewing the records?
Yes. He kicked his wife with his shoes on.
He broke six of her ribs.
It's a case of injury.
It should be dealt as assault.
That sly lawyer will...
make the case as assault, not injury.
What's the difference between a case of injury and assault?
If she's not hurt, it's an assault.
If she's hurt, then it's an injury case.
But your mother got hurt. She has broken ribs.
So it must be an injury case, right?
No, it's an assault case.
That's Ms. Do Geum Sook's medical report.
She has multiple ribs broken and a contusion.
How can it be an assault case when there's a medical report?
Hey, you should check the dates.
The incident occurred on February 14.
The medical report was written on February 10.
(Issued on February 10, 2016)
Does that mean Park Jun Mo didn't cause those broken ribs?
- That's exactly right. - How did that happen?
This is Ms. Do Geum Sook's credit card statement.
If you look at what she spent on February 10,
she used a gondola and rented ski equipment at Chungyeon Resort.
That means those ribs were not broken because of Park Jun Mo.
Do Geum Sook broke them while skiing.
Unless something comes up,
that sly lawyer will...
succeed in making the injury case into an assault case.
Say that you're right.
What's wrong with an assault case? It's a crime to be indicted too.
You're right.
It is indeed a crime, but is a strange one.
It's a crime that can be punished if the victim approves of it.
So if the victim does not want the assaulter to be punished,
there's nothing that stupid prosecutor can do.
The crime will disappear.
Then you must ask your mom to approve the punishment.
No, Prosecutor. I don't want him to be punished.
It's true that I got hurt in a ski resort.
My husband has nothing to do with it.
Mom will tell them...
that she doesn't want him to be punished, like she always did.
- Yes. - Why not?
- Mom is... - I'm sorry for causing trouble.
more scared of my dad than the law.
That's how it's
done. I was really curious.
- About what? - You said this earlier.
That Park Jun Mo is your regular.
How can a director of educational institution be your regular?
What must he have done to make you his lawyer when you've become one...
less than a year ago?
From what you're wearing, it seems like you charge a lot.
Why did you take such an obvious case?
I was curious, but now I get it.
- What is it that you want to say? - Do you do this all the time?
Turning injury cases into assault ones...
by fixing few documents, threatening the victims to not press charges,
and make them sign consent forms?
You erased his crimes, so that he can be your regular.
How many times does he have to visit you to become a regular?
Shouldn't we stop them?
Prosecutor Jung, I think you are crossing the line.
I wasn't sure, but you are as I expected.
I get it that you have a grudge against me for something...
that happened 13 years ago.
But that should've ended with me.
Why are you being grumpy to my client?
Grumpy?
Do you have any other words to explain what you've done to me...
for the past few days?
I can't understand it with any other words than grumpy.
Listen. First of all,
why did you flirt with my girlfriend and tell her to stop seeing me?
Unbelievable.
Second. Why did you bump into my car?
He bumped into his car?
Third.
Why are you bothering me with a case that's so obvious?
Why are you trying to start an argument?
Don't be ridiculous. They are separate matters.
Okay.
But I think those three incidents lead to one reason.
You're taking a revenge.
This is crazy.
Unbelievable.
Prosecutor Jung purposely bumped into Prosecutor Lee's car.
What?
Why?
I don't know. They were talking about revenges.
They must have a back story we don't know about.
A back story?
What story?
They say that Prosecutor Jung stole Prosecutor Lee's girlfriend.
Maybe it's related to affairs!
Affairs?
How wild and messy.
I'm not asking you to work miracles just because I know you.
I'm not even asking you to not punish him.
I'm just asking you to follow the law and principles we learned.
Get it approved by senior prosecutor and make it unprosecutable.
Don't be grumpy to my client.
Follow the laws, won't you?
I'll get going.
And please stop acting like a child.
Your behavior is too childish for me to handle.
I'm really going.
Goodbye.
- Bye. - See you.
That stupid prosecutor will never save my mom.
That's how it always has been.
There must be another way.
The old sayings are never wrong.
Where drums beat,
laws are silent.
That's how it is.
Hey, Hee Min. I'm here.
Hee Min, over here.
Over here. Hey!
It's not that she can't hear you.
Just call her Prosecutor Shin.
Hee Min! Hey!
Shin Hee Min, over here.
You guys were there.
I'm sorry.
The sign is so small. I got lost.
What's your religion, Prosecutor Jung?
I don't have one.
Why, what's wrong with that?
No, no. It's just all of us share the same religion.
We take turns in praying before our meal.
Don't worry about us and go ahead first.
- Okay. - Let's pray.
Prosecutor Cha, why don't you begin for today?
All right.
Thank you so much for giving us this meal. Give blessings to...
those who don't believe in you.
Please give a guidance to Prosecutor Jung to find a restaurant...
with a bigger sign, so that nobody gets lost while looking for it.
I belong in an organization where manners and order are important.
Teach those poor lambs that order and manners are more important...
than an age. Please give them blessings.
Unsolved cases are piling up at Prosecutor Jung's office.
Please give him guidance to quickly deal with the cases,
so that the victims don't have to shed any more tears.
Also, please help the soul who disgraced all prosecutors with...
wrong attire. Allow him to have the wisdom to pick the right clothes.
The world is filled with jealousy and anger.
That's why some people can't let go of their past and hold grudges.
They sometimes can't work on cases fairly.
That's because...
Even when we get angry with grudges,
we must solve the cases with rational mindset.
Please guide those to...
keep the principles of prosecutors. I pray hard for them.
- Amen. - Amen.
Let's eat.
Oh, hey. What happened? Why haven't you started?
Oh, I was eating all right.
Here. Have one of these.
- Enjoy. - You too.
What are you doing?
What do you mean? I'm dealing with these today.
Isn't that a bit too much to finish within today?
I'm going to stay up all night if I have to.
I can empty that stupid cabinet within a day if I try.
What a great timing. It's Park Jun Mo case.
It has medical reports and a consent form.
I can just be done with it if I treat it as unprosecutable.
It'll only take five minutes.
Here we go.
Accused, Park Jun Mo.
He's charged for assault.
The injured party does not wish the accused to be punished.
Therefore, the case is unprosecutable.
The end.
It didn't even take five minutes.
At this rate, I won't have to stay up all night.
Let's see. The next case is regarding unregistered license.
This will take only three minutes.
Unregistered license.
What's gotten into him? I can't get used to it.
He's completely drunk.
Are we going home early today?
I'm at the funeral home of Inspector Jung Il Seung and the bus driver...
Nam Chul Du who saved people from the runaway soldier.
The politicians requested to award national merit and make them...
martyr for the courage they showed to save the citizens.
Where's his son? I thought he was on the bus with him.
I need to get his interview again.
I know. I heard that he evacuated every passenger.
Where's that boy?
The congressman wants to deliver a consoling word.
Reporter Mun, did you take the photo of our congressman paying respect?
Yes, I did. You did, right?
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Sir.
He's burned out.
I knew it was too much for him.
- No! - Gosh! That was startling.
You startled me.
My heart almost burst.
Did you have a bad dream?
No, I wasn't sleeping.
I think you're crying right now.
No, I'm not.
- Hold on. - Jae Chan, save me.
It wasn't me.
Hello?
Where are you?
I'm at school.
Did anything happen?
Are you sick or did you get hurt somewhere?
Nothing happened. Why?
Okay. That's all.
What time are you coming home?
I don't know. Maybe around 10pm.
Don't go anywhere and come home straight. Got it?
Who do you think I am? I have nowhere else to go.
Okay.
I'm saving my mom.
My dad has to be gone,
so that my mom can live.
That's right. It was just a dream. It's nothing.
- Let me go! - You shouldn't do this.
I told you to believe me.
If you believed me, you could have stopped it.
Gosh.
Gosh, darn it.
[VIU Ver] E04 While You Were Sleeping "The Dream"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Then,
check if everyone's off the bus.
When everyone got off, take them as far away as you can. Okay?
Let's just run away together.
This is exactly like my dream.
I'm the captain of this bus. How can I just leave everyone behind?
Dad, please.
You brat. Say for instance that a catcher avoids the ball.
The referee will get hit instead and the game will be a total mess.
I will grow my hair.
I know that's what you want.
I'll grow my hair, so please get off with me.
Really?
Okay.
I will make sure to watch you grow hair.
Get off first, okay?
But that kid was his daughter, not a son.
That kid who was on the bus.
It was a daughter, not a son.
Really?
Ma'am, where's your daughter?
Hong Joo is not here right now.
You startled me.
What's so urgent at this hour?
I'm not here because I changed my mind.
I came to explain why I don't believe your words.
Tell me.
I'm a prosecutor.
What I do is to prosecute people when crimes occur.
I don't prevent crimes.
I mean there's nothing I can do even if you tell me your dreams.
I don't care who dies in your dream.
I don't have to suffer from it.
But...
You feel like a catcher, don't you?
A ball is thrown at the speed of 160km per hour.
You're too scared to catch it.
But you can't avoid it because you'll ruin the game then.
That's it, right?
You're right.
I can't ignore it even if I don't want to believe it.
It's because I'm having those dreams too.
Why did you transmit it to me?
- Why me? - I don't know why it's you either.
I don't even know why I started having such dreams.
But there must be a reason why it has to be you and me.
I don't know.
What if there is? So what?
You can't prevent them because you are a prosecutor,
and you don't want to believe my words.
And you're blaming it all on me?
Is that why you're here?
Help me.
You appeared in my dream.
You resented me for not listening to your words.
Seung Won got on a police car or an ambulance and disappeared.
What kind of dream is this?
Seung Won...
Who is Seung Won?
My little brother. Why?
In my dream,
that Seung Won guy...
killed a person.
Pardon?
Seung Won.
Hey, you remembered my name.
Then he blamed...
his older brother for the murder.
Then that older brother is you?
Did you follow me?
Yes, let's go together. I'll take you home.
(Deceased Nam Chul Du)
(While You Were Sleeping)
Is it related to Park Jun Mo case? Because you let him go...
It's all because of you.
Don't you have contact lens?
Do I look different without glasses? Are you falling for me again?
Isn't the case over?
I brought it back.
I'm going to dig it until the end.
Why is it so hard to hear that I'm expecting much?
That means you'll be disappointed if I fail.
Why do you especially don't want to disappoint me? Why me?
What do you do, Ms. Nam Hong Joo?
Are you interested in me?
Does that mean we're starting something?
(While You Were Sleeping)